This document is for installing XenServer, OpenStack, Xen-Blanket, and basic network. If you just need Xen-Blanket and basic network, refer to "quick_start.txt".

Right now we only support VMs running CentOS 6.X. The basic network uses UDP ports 655, 665, and 675. If you want to use gateway network, you also need to open UDP ports 1655, 1665, 1675.

To make network setup automatic, you should checkout the supercloud source code in the same directory everywhere. You can use different temp directory (specified in config.sh) if you want. "guest_mtu" must be the same across the whole cluster (otherwise they will have trouble communicating with each other).

The installation might take a long time to finish. Make sure you are running
the installation scripts in a screen or tmux session.

1. Setup a controller:
    Download the code to the controller, modify config.sh. Make sure that IPSUFFIX=1.
    
    Then run setup_controller.sh.
    
2. Setup the master:
    The master node requires 8GB memory.
    
    Download the code to the VM, modify config.sh. Make sure that IPSUFFIX=100.
    
    "platform" in config.sh specifies what driver we are going to install. Make sure it is correct. 
    
    After modifying config.sh, run setup_xenserver_1.sh first. Once it is done, reboot. 
    
    Then, run setup_xenserver_2.sh. It should reboot automatically.
    
    Then, run setup_openstack.sh utile it finishes.
    
    Follow the prompt of previous script and run "install_os_domU.sh". It will install openstack into a VM.
    
3. Setup compute nodes:
    Similar steps as the master, but make sure that IPSUFFIX is unique.
    
4. Connect all nodes into the basic network:
    Propagate the controller's public key to all nodes, so that it can login to every node with the root account. Some nodes might disable root access. You should enable it if you want to use the following scripts.
    
    On controller, modify network.conf. Follow the comment and examples there.
    
    Then on controller, run "python build_network.py". It will login to each node and setup the tunnels. Once it is done, every node should be able to talk to each other using the internal IP addresses (10.8.1/8/9.IPSUFFIX).
